README.md, before:

# 🎬 Video Downloader

A simple and elegant GitHub Pages website for downloading videos from YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter.

## 🌟 Features

- **Multi-Platform Support**: Download videos from YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter/X
- **User-Friendly Interface**: Clean and modern design with easy-to-use controls
- **Direct Download Links**: Get a single direct download link using free Cobalt API
- **Responsive Design**: Works perfectly on desktop, tablet, and mobile devices
- **No Installation Required**: Pure client-side web application
- **No API Key Required**: Uses free, publicly available API

## 🚀 Live Demo

Visit the live website: [https://jakkuazzo.github.io/yt_download/](https://jakkuazzo.github.io/yt_download/)

## 📋 How to Use

1. Copy the video URL from YouTube, Facebook, or Twitter
2. Paste the URL into the input field on the website
3. Click the "Download Video" button
4. Wait for the video to be processed via the API
5. Click the direct download link to save the video to your device

## 🎯 Supported Platforms

### YouTube
- Standard video URLs (youtube.com/watch)
- Short URLs (youtu.be)
- Embed URLs (youtube.com/embed)
- YouTube Shorts (youtube.com/shorts)

### Facebook
- Video posts (facebook.com/videos)
- Watch URLs (facebook.com/watch)
- Short URLs (fb.watch)

### Twitter/X
- Tweet video URLs (twitter.com/status)
- New X platform URLs (x.com/status)

## 🛠️ Technical Details

This is a static website built with:
- Pure HTML5
- CSS3 with modern features (Grid, Flexbox, Animations)
- Vanilla JavaScript (no frameworks required)
- Responsive design principles
- Cobalt.tools API for video processing and download link generation

The website uses the free Cobalt API (https://api.cobalt.tools) to process video URLs and generate direct download links, eliminating the need for users to navigate to third-party websites.

## 📝 Local Development

To run this project locally:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/JakkuAzzo/yt_download.git
   cd yt_download
   ```

2. Open `index.html` in your web browser, or use a local server:
   ```bash
   # Using Python
   python -m http.server 8000
   
   # Using Node.js
   npx http-server
   ```

3. Navigate to `http://localhost:8000` in your browser

### CORS Considerations

When testing locally, you may encounter CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) restrictions from the Cobalt API. This is normal browser security behavior. The application works correctly when deployed to GitHub Pages or other public hosting services where the API's CORS policy allows requests.

## ⚠️ Important Notes

- **Copyright**: Users are responsible for ensuring they have the right to download and use video content
- **Terms of Service**: Respect the terms of service of YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter
- **Personal Use**: This tool is intended for personal, non-commercial use only
- **Legal Compliance**: Always comply with copyright laws and intellectual property rights

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to improve this project:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is provided as-is for educational and personal use.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Thanks to all the third-party download services that make video downloading possible
- Built with ❤️ for easy video downloading

Commit message:

feat: add a simple CORS proxy server for local development
- Created a new Express server in proxy.js to forward POST requests to the remote API at https://api.cobalt.tools/api/json.
- Implemented CORS headers to allow cross-origin requests during development.
- Added error handling for proxy requests.
- Created a package.json file to manage dependencies and scripts for starting the server.

test: implement Playwright tests for the download functionality

- Added runPlaywrightTest.js to perform end-to-end tests using Playwright.
- Mocked the remote API response to avoid network dependency during tests.
- Verified that the correct download link is generated based on user input.

README.md, after:

# 🎬 Video Downloader

A simple and elegant GitHub Pages website for downloading videos from YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter.

## 🌟 Features

- **Multi-Platform Support**: Download videos from YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter/X
- **User-Friendly Interface**: Clean and modern design with easy-to-use controls
- **Direct Download Links**: Get a single direct download link using free Cobalt API
- **Responsive Design**: Works perfectly on desktop, tablet, and mobile devices
- **No Installation Required**: Pure client-side web application
- **No API Key Required**: Uses free, publicly available API

## 🚀 Live Demo

Visit the live website: [https://jakkuazzo.github.io/yt_download/](https://jakkuazzo.github.io/yt_download/)

## 📋 How to Use

1. Copy the video URL from YouTube, Facebook, or Twitter
2. Paste the URL into the input field on the website
3. Click the "Download Video" button
4. Wait for the video to be processed via the API
5. Click the direct download link to save the video to your device

## 🎯 Supported Platforms

### YouTube
- Standard video URLs (youtube.com/watch)
- Short URLs (youtu.be)
- Embed URLs (youtube.com/embed)
- YouTube Shorts (youtube.com/shorts)

### Facebook
- Video posts (facebook.com/videos)
- Watch URLs (facebook.com/watch)
- Short URLs (fb.watch)

### Twitter/X
- Tweet video URLs (twitter.com/status)
- New X platform URLs (x.com/status)

## 🛠️ Technical Details

This is a static website built with:
- Pure HTML5
- CSS3 with modern features (Grid, Flexbox, Animations)
- Vanilla JavaScript (no frameworks required)
- Responsive design principles
- Cobalt.tools API for video processing and download link generation

The website uses the free Cobalt API (https://api.cobalt.tools) to process video URLs and generate direct download links, eliminating the need for users to navigate to third-party websites.

## 📝 Local Development

To run this project locally:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/JakkuAzzo/yt_download.git
   cd yt_download
   ```

2. Open `index.html` in your web browser, or use a local server:
   ```bash
   # Using Python
   python -m http.server 8000
   
   # Using Node.js
   npx http-server
   ```

3. Navigate to `http://localhost:8000` in your browser

### CORS Considerations

When testing locally, you may encounter CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) restrictions from the Cobalt API. This is normal browser security behavior. The application works correctly when deployed to GitHub Pages or other public hosting services where the API's CORS policy allows requests.

### Troubleshooting / Running a Local Proxy

If you see errors like "Failed to fetch" or CORS preflight failures in the browser console, you can run a small local proxy that forwards requests to the Cobalt API and adds permissive CORS headers for development.

1. Install dependencies and start the proxy:

```bash
cd server
npm install
npm start
```

2. In `script.js` set `PROXY_URL` to `http://localhost:3000/proxy` and reload the page.

Notes:
- This proxy is for local development only. Do not deploy it publicly without adding authentication and rate-limiting.
- Alternatively, deploy a serverless proxy (Cloudflare Worker, Netlify function) that forwards requests to `https://api.cobalt.tools/api/json` and sets appropriate CORS headers.

## ⚠️ Important Notes

- **Copyright**: Users are responsible for ensuring they have the right to download and use video content
- **Terms of Service**: Respect the terms of service of YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter
- **Personal Use**: This tool is intended for personal, non-commercial use only
- **Legal Compliance**: Always comply with copyright laws and intellectual property rights

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to improve this project:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is provided as-is for educational and personal use.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Thanks to all the third-party download services that make video downloading possible
- Built with ❤️ for easy video downloading
